README.md, before:

![forest logo](https://i.imgur.com/zl44kiK.jpg)

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/xorz57/forest/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/xorz57/forest/tree/master)

Forest is an open source, template library of tree data structures written in C++11.

## Installation

#### Linux / macOS

```
$ git clone https://github.com/xorz57/forest.git
$ cd forest
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake ..
$ make install
```

## Example Code

Forest is best explained through examples. The following source code generates a red black tree, inserts 7 nodes and then performs an in order traversal.

```
#include <forest/red_black_tree.h>

int main() {
        // Generate a binary search tree for nodes of integer keys and values
        forest::red_black_tree <int, int> red_black_tree;

        // Insert 7 nodes in the form of a (key, value) pair
        red_black_tree.insert(4,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(2,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(90,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(3,100);
        red_black_tree.insert(0,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(14,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(45,0);

        // Perform an in order traversal
        red_black_tree.in_order_traversal();

        // Generate a .dot file representing the Red Black Tree
        red_black_tree.graphviz("red_black_tree.dot");

        return 0;
}
```

## Graph Visualization using Graphviz

Forest provides an easy way to visualize tree data structures using the graphviz member function. When this function is called, a [DOT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOT_(graph_description_language)) file describing the data structure graph is created. In order to be able to generate an image of the graph you must install [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/). The generated [DOT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOT_(graph_description_language)) file can be feed to the dot tool (provided by [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/)) which in turn will generate an image for the graph.

```
$ dot red_black_tree.dot -Tpng > red_black_tree.png
```

This is the graph visualization of the above example code, generated with the dot tool (provided by [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/)).

![Red Black Tree Graph](https://i.imgur.com/FrRNJ29.png)

Refer to the [Quick Start Guide](https://github.com/xorz57/forest/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide) page for further information and examples.

Commit message:

[CMake] Use targets, build and install files
Use target-based approach to build, install and test forest.

README.md, after:

![forest logo](https://i.imgur.com/zl44kiK.jpg)

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/xorz57/forest/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/xorz57/forest/tree/master)

Forest is an open source, template library of tree data structures written in C++11.

## Installation

#### Linux / macOS

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/xorz57/forest.git
$ cd forest
$ mkdir build
$ cd build
$ cmake ..
$ sudo make install
```

## Usage

Forest uses CMake to build itself and provides an interface for CMake users. In particular, it defines an `IMPORTED` library that should be linked to your target. For example:

```cmake
find_package(forest REQUIRED CONFIG)
target_link_libraries(your_project PRIVATE Forest::forest)
```

## Example Code

Forest is best explained through examples. The following source code generates a red black tree, inserts 7 nodes and then performs an in order traversal.

```cpp
#include <forest/red_black_tree.h>

int main() {
        // Generate a binary search tree for nodes of integer keys and values
        forest::red_black_tree <int, int> red_black_tree;

        // Insert 7 nodes in the form of a (key, value) pair
        red_black_tree.insert(4,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(2,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(90,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(3,100);
        red_black_tree.insert(0,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(14,0);
        red_black_tree.insert(45,0);

        // Perform an in order traversal
        red_black_tree.in_order_traversal();

        // Generate a .dot file representing the Red Black Tree
        red_black_tree.graphviz("red_black_tree.dot");

        return 0;
}
```

## Graph Visualization using Graphviz

Forest provides an easy way to visualize tree data structures using the graphviz member function. When this function is called, a [DOT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOT_(graph_description_language)) file describing the data structure graph is created. In order to be able to generate an image of the graph you must install [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/). The generated [DOT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOT_(graph_description_language)) file can be feed to the dot tool (provided by [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/)) which in turn will generate an image for the graph.

```console
$ dot red_black_tree.dot -Tpng > red_black_tree.png
```

This is the graph visualization of the above example code, generated with the dot tool (provided by [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/)).

![Red Black Tree Graph](https://i.imgur.com/FrRNJ29.png)

Refer to the [Quick Start Guide](https://github.com/xorz57/forest/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide) page for further information and examples.
